# qivita
A smart glove and a bracelet measuring electropuncture and pulse diagnostics and sending the diagnosis of a person to an application on a smartphone. The technology of this device is based on the Foll method and pulse diagnostics. The glove has inside the sensors at each biologically active point on the palm of the left hand and through each of them microcurrents are conducted and skin resistance is measured. But sometimes, the glove can give the wrong diagnosis. This can be influenced by several factors: the different structure of the hands, the humidity of the hands and so on. To improve the performance and confirm the glove diagnosis, a bracelet was added that measures pulse diagnostics on the left wrist. Pulse diagnostics - the definition of diseases in humans, by measuring the type of heart rate. This device measures the heart rate at three points on the wrist of the left hand.     In order for the diagnosis to be determined as accurately as possible, first, the glove measures its performance and sends an analog signal. The bracelet, in turn, also measures the data and sends an analog signal. All signals come to the microcontroller "Arduino". That in turn, at the time when the bracelet and glove sent equal signals, processes and puts the final diagnosis, and via Bluetooth sends it to the application on the smartphone. At the moment, the device is able to detect gastritis, arrhythmia, bronchitis, intracranial, low and high blood pressure, and the accuracy of diagnosis is 84%, but in potential this figure reaches 99.2%, at the conclusion of the final scheme. The process of determining the diagnosis may take about 7 minutes.
